---
title: 'Shoot the Arrow '
date: 2021-11-10
permalink: /posts/2021/11/blog-post-1/
tags:
  - cool posts
  - category1
  - category2
---

I've been practiced archery for over half a year, or at least, I've dabbled in it during my leisure time. I haven't delved deeply into the knowledge of archery or the culture it carries. My archery skills haven't progressed much either. On the very first day, I began training with a 12-pound bow at 6 meters, and I'm still at that same level today. Today, the store manager even pointed out that I tend to lean when drawing the bow, and there are so many details to pay attention to just to shoot one arrow. It seems I am still a newbie.

So why am I interested in archery? And why am I even asking this question? It's entirely normal to be interested in unfamiliar things. I could say it's because I spontaneously decided that archery looked cool and wanted to give it a try. But I can't accept that answer. I have this tendency to find the source of any established fact. I don't know when I started thinking in this way. When I need to think this way, I also need to find an answer that satisfies my brain. This answer can be simple, like "according to the laws of physics, apples fall from trees." Unless it convinces me, I cannot stop thinking about it. But if I don't get a reasonable result, my brain won't let it go and keeps forcing me to find a satisfactory explanation. At least for the question of "why am I interested in archery," my previous answers didn't seem to satisfy my brain, so I've been thinking about this question over the last few days, and it has led me to a more convincing answer.

My interest in archery comes from two things. The first is the expectation of achieving good results, in other words, the desire to be accurate. Being able to shoot a group of 12 arrows all in the center of the target is a very fulfilling accomplishment. I can treat archery as a competitive sport, and through training, achieve good results that provide positive feedback, encouraging my continued interest. However, with this aspect, I might have given up archery early because I didn't start shooting more accurately until last month, and my negative feedback from my results was increasing. The real reason that keeps me interested in archery is the second point: the process of shooting an arrow.

Each arrow I shoot is a cycle of self-cultivation. For me, this cycle takes about 15 seconds, from picking up the arrow to releasing it. At the start of this cycle, I close my eyes for a second or two, adjust my breathing, forget what I did in the previous cycle, clear my mind, and enter a realm where all that matters is the bow and arrow in my hand, and the target I'm about to face. Once I've nocked the arrow, I begin to feel every piece of muscle in my body. Relax and control specific parts of muscle. I steady my breath, raise the bow to my eyebrow, and then slowly draw the bowstring, using the strength in my back to feel and balance the tension of the bow. After setting the bow's height, I hold my breath and feel the entire power of the bow converged into one point. When I slightly release my fingers from the string, that moment when the arrow falls from my hand, I don't care where the arrow is going; all I know is that, in these short 15 seconds, I've achieved a state of single-minded focus, free from distractions. It's as though I've placed all my emotions into the arrow, unimportantly to think about the outcome, unimportantly to think about where the arrow will go, and unimportantly to dwell on happy or troubling thoughts. Once the arrow is released, everything returns to the starting point, and I reconnect with the world.

Isn't this process itself attractive? Striving to achieve a goal without the need for conscious thought, it's such a relaxing, physically and mentally satisfying experience, one rare feeling in my routine life. It seems this is the answer I want.
