---
title: 'Football'
date: 2022-05-31
permalink: /posts/2022/05/blog-post-2/
# tags:
#   - cool posts
#   - category1
#   - category2
---

On May 29th 2022, at the Parc des Princes in Paris, in the UEFA Champions League final, Real Madrid defeated Liverpool 1-0, winning their 14th UEFA Champions League trophy in the club's history. /
The match ended in broad daylight, and as I put down my phone, drew the curtains, and lay on my bed, I started to reminisce about the game and my journey with football. /
My first encounter with football was in 2012 when I saw and admired Lionel Messi, who was at the peak of his career, having scored 91 goals in a calendar year and winning the Ballon d'Or for four consecutive years. I naturally became a fan of Barcelona. In 2013, during the UEFA Champions League final, my cousin woke me up in the middle of the night, and we watched the thrilling showdown between Dortmund and Bayern Munich, with Arjen Robben's last-minute goal helping Bayern secure the championship. This was the first UEFA Champions League final I watched, and I haven't missed a single final since that time. This year marked the tenth anniversary. However, over these ten years, as a Barcelona fan, I had to endure witnessing Real Madrid win the UEFA Champions League five times. What's even more unbearable was the poor performance of my support team. Even after winning the Champions League in 2015, Barcelona’s record in subsequent Champions League was lackluster. Especially in 2018 and 2019, during the knockout stages of the Champions League, we suffered incredible comebacks against Roma and Liverpool, despite having a three-goal lead in the first round In 2020, we were humiliated 8-2 by Bayern Munich in Lisbon. These matches have permanently stained Barcelona's football history. This year, without Messi, Barcelona didn't even make it past the group stage and was eliminated at home in the second-tier UEFA Europa League, losing to Eintracht Frankfurt with a 3-0 score. I witnessed all these humiliating moments. /
I once jokingly said to a close, "I wish I had never been watched football. Over the years, it feels like football has brought me more negative emotions." Bitter memories tend to stick with you. However, it's just a joke. I believe that even if Barcelona doesn't win the league or the Champions League for the next twenty years, I will continue to support the team. This emotional connection can be aptly described by an analogy: even if your national team becomes worse every year, I'll still support and hope that they'll enter the World Cup in one day. This inclination towards "self-torture" is a paradoxical psychological state, but its source is the love for football, considering it a part of life.
The love for football stems from the technical and tactical aspects of the sport, the mesmerizing skills of the players, the team's unity and spirit, experiencing the passionate atmosphere at football matches, and the reverence for football's long history.
The feelings of disappointment were results of the wins and losses in sports, but the positive feedback I've received from football far outweighs the bad things. /
As a Barcelona fan, I also applaud Real Madrid's performance in the UEFA Champions League this season. At the start of the season, nobody expected much from this transitional team, but they've repeatedly shown their resilience in adversity, ultimately achieving victory. Whether facing Paris Saint-Germain, with the best attack in Europe, the defending champions Chelsea, or the dominant teams in the English Premier League like Manchester City and Liverpool, Real Madrid often found themselves at a disadvantage. However, these players were not discouraged, they possessed exceptional skills, and they had an unwavering spirit. They kept coming back, seizing opportunities time and again, and that's what makes them champions. Real Madrid played football that has earned the admiration of fans. /
Because I love football, I will continue to follow it, treating football as a part of my life. The team I support is like my best friend in real life. Life is filled with moments of joy and disappointment, and football is no different here.
<br/><br/>
<br/><br/>
<br/><br/>
[Comments from 12/19/2022] Argentina won the World Cup! One of the best moments I have experienced in my life! 

------